right hydraulic shuttle on the
left on top of the steering column for
neutral and reverse main gear lever here
for main gear levers free speed power
shift on these buttons here which is
also duplicated on this forum universe
leaver here your free speed power shift
your hydraulic controls for lifting and
low if you implement is on here and on
here you've got your rate of drop your
hunt limiter your draft and position and
controller on here and your depth
control on here underneath the armrest
here where your spawn valves number one
and number two number three and number
four
you've got flow and timer controls for
number one and also for number two and
then flow controls for number three and
four on here you've got four wheel drive
engagement diff lock engagement and your
electronic engine management rpm switch
on here with your hand throttle on here
pto switches to the back right hand
corner you've got a thousand five forty
and both 540 and a thousand economy and
your PTO engagement switch is up to here
also got a PTO automatic cutout switch
on the lifting and lowering of your
hydraulics to the rear steering column
the lever down here which puts the
steering column up and down and also on
doing the center of the gear there you
steering which they will lift up and
down